next to the row that he conceived a cop and excite that you really tell me
light up at me to win not when they understand politics everything is in the dance
forceful blow
and the center of the victim camille de sade [music]
ready [music]
[applause] Rudolf Nureyev he issued it allow to
speak once after all but prospects and us but stayed
when sasha fox he and
[music] he's a writer that's how it goes interesting but
battle nowhere so home made so cold ores I will manage you very much like
tourist man so this business trip can be your last
pain is not about rolls [ __ ] and and moss and yuri and inches will from businessman cooks
you want to join to keep love me people his it is an attack on the soviet
Union yes no, everything is in the dance, I'm over there because of something that exploded
mlp hall from us all with you not my banana j1 you run away after all world and
best
[music]
bunny is smart and
white crow [music]
[music]